[♪♪]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[CAMERA BEEPS. SHUTTER CLICKS]
[CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS]
That's him.
That's my Tyler.
I'll make the arrangements
for his transfer
back to the U.S.. sir.
All right.
[PHONE BEEPS]
ABRAHAM:
He's good.
-Thanks for coming. Abe.
-Of course.
It's Tyler.
I'm sorry. brother.
They think it was fentanyl.
These fucking cartels.
It's not just
the animals in the city.
They're killing our children.
Yeah. I know.
The DEA is not equipped
to deal with this war.
They've been after this evil
for a long time.
not getting anywhere.
That's right.
Like I said. it's a war.
You don't win wars
with slogans.
Not one more of our children.
Whatever it takes.
Get it done.
[CLICKS TONGUE]
You understand. sir.
This is gonna require an...
unconventional approach.
I'm good with that.
Let me know if you need
anything to get this going.
Okay.
Go be with your family.
I'll take care of everything.
What's the plan?
We need to scorch the earth.
Take me to the State Prison.
ADOLFO:
You got a snitch?
I got a devil.
[STEADY STREAM OF LIQUID]
[DISTANT SHOUTING]
[SIGHS]
[ALARM BUZZING]
Hey.
PRISONER:
GUARD:
[KEYS JANGLING]
[LOCK CLANKS]
GUARD:
[ALARM BUZZING]
[ALARM CONTINUES BUZZING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[IN SPANISH]
[CHUCKLES]
[SIGHS]
[♪♪]
Look. man. I just wanna sit here
and read my book in peace.
I know who you are. man.
Oh. yeah?
Yeah.
I'm pretty sure you don't.
Why's that?
Look. man.
I think you got me confused
for somebody else. okay?
[BOOK THUMPS]
I know you're
the fucking Diablo Blanco!
They had you
all over the news in San Diego
after you fucked up
all those homies.
[IN SPANISH]
[GRUNTING AND GROANING]
[INDISTINCT CHEERING]
PRISONER:
[GRUNTING]
ALL [SHOUTING IN SPANISH]:
[BODY THUDS]
[PRISON GUARD WHISTLING]
You're a dead man.
I know.
["SI TE VAS" PLAYING]
[IN SPANISH]
[SONG RESUMES]
[FEMALE WORKER SCREAMS]
[SOBS]
[MUSIC FADES]
[PHONE VIBRATING]
Whoo!
[SOBS]
[CLEARS THROAT]
It's Tracy.
Tracy.
Listen.
[IN SPANISH]
Good. Any issues?
NANDO:
[IN SPANISH]
[IN ENGLISH]
Did you find him?
[IN SPANISH]
LOPEZ: I see that girl
was looking at you.
TORGESON: Oh. please.
Don't get me started. Lopez.
Telling you. chief. that girl
was looking at you hard.
Oh. man. These women look
at a man in uniform.
and no matter how ugly
that man might be.
all they see is
that sexy steady paycheck
and dental insurance
for their wild ass kids.
Speaking of which.
did your stepson
get his braces yet?
[TORGESON SNICKERING]
Lighten up. man.
I'm sure Carole
wasn't like that.
Oh. what the hell?
You'd think these idiots
would know better
than to put this shit
on a cop car.
What the fuck?
-Oh. fuck.
-You okay. chief?
-Fenta--
-[BODY DROPS]
Fuck!
[♪♪]
Commander 1.
officer needs help.
I need an R.A. at my location
for an opioid overdose.
Possible
fentanyl contamination.
Hang on. chief. stay with me.
I'm here.
All right.
There you go.
[IN SPANISH]
We need to talk.
[CHAIR CLATTERS]
[IN ENGLISH] Let's skip the
hug and get to the point.
I want you to go undercover
As you can see. I'm a little
tied up for the next few years.
Besides. I'm out of the game.
Been out for a while.
Man. you were.
then you weren't.
Whether you wanna acknowledge it
or not. you're back in the game.
How so?
You took out a whole cartel.
Mr. Diablo Blanco.
That was personal.
You know that.
Oh. I get why you did it.
Truth be told. I'd...
I don't think I'd keep myself
from doing the same.
I'm sorry for your loss.
You brother Mike was a good guy.
Unlike us.
[SCOFFS]
Like I said. I'm out. Abe.
Yeah. Well. I wish
I could let it be. but I can't.
Sure you can.
Stand up. you take your friends
here and you walk away.
Too late for that.
You fucked up my op.
What op?
Fentanyl.
Since when does Defense
give a shit about that?
Since they do.
That shit's killing over
70.000 Americans a year.
It's not a drug.
it's a fucking weapon.
And Mexico is the pipeline
for our enemies
to get it into the streets.
and kill our children.
It's not my problem.
You made it your problem
when you took out
our inside man.
Carmelo Aguilera.
[SCOFFS]
I don't know.
Best laid plans
Of Mice and Men.
Go with your plan B.
You fucked that up too.
And plan C.
[SIGHS]
-Fuck.
-Yeah. Fuck.
You created a power vacuum.
And someone you know intimately
stepped up to the task.
-Who?
-You know who.
She still blames you
for killing her boy.
[SIGHS]
I didn't kill him.
Um-hmm. Tell that to her
when you see her.
Why don't you tell her
for me instead?
I can't find her.
Well. from what I remember.
she's not the shy type.
Silver lining.
All you have to do
is wait for her to pop up.
Yeah. well.
we don't have the time to wait.
Okay. This is time sensitive.
The ambassador
lost his son two nights ago.
We gotta
shut these assholes down.
So now. that it's personal
to some bureaucrat.
the gloves come off.
Give the ambassador
my condolences.
Yeah.
I'll give him more than that.
The war didn't end
when a few soldiers die.
The real fight is coming.
And we're gonna decide
when and where.
And how do I factor in
to your battle plans?
[SIGHS]
You know your old...
officer pal up in Banning?
He got hit with
a fentanyl laced flyer.
-He okay?
-ABRAHAM: Yeah.
luckily he had
another officer with him
who had NARCAN training.
JAKE:
Good.
But flyer wasn't for him.
It was for you.
Hailey.
Savannah.
Your sister-in-law
and niece are okay.
I moved them up to Oregon
with her parents.
They're under
protective custody.
Can't keep that forever.
[SIGHS]
What's the job?
She is.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
I hate to bother you. Tracy.
But we have some good news.
What's the bad news
that comes with it?
[SIGHS]
The ambassador's son
overdosed on fentanyl.
Fuck.
I told you that fentanyl shit
was gonna be trouble.
These dumbfucks
wouldn't listen.
[IN SPANISH]
[IN ENGLISH]
Our operations are clear.
They'll put it on us anyways.
A bust is a bust.
It doesn't matter
who put it out.
Now what could possibly be
good enough news to offset that?
I found him.
What?
Where? Where is he?
He's in a prison
outside of Puerto Vallarta.
No way.
We have people in the prisons.
They would have found him.
He was under a fake name.
Tracy.
I want that piece of shit
to curse the whore of a mother
that birthed him.
My Tommy died in a filthy
fucking prison because of him.
I wanna watch him suffer.
We need to get to him.
NANDO: That's gonna be
a little tiny problem.
-Why?
-They're transferring him.
I don't give a shit
if they're shoving him
back up his mother's asshole.
Tracy. we're talking about
a heavily armored convoy.
Some serious weapon
and much more people.
I don't give a shit
if they have tanks.
Consider it done.
I'll reach out to my friend
and get the weapons.
And you give me the cash.
Whatever it costs.
Don't fuck this up.
[IN SPANISH]
[♪♪]
[IN ENGLISH]
Hey. bro!
[ALL SPEAKING SPANISH]
PATO:
-PATO:
-ANDO:
[IN SPANISH]
[CHUCKLES]
CLAVO [IN SPANISH]:
PATO [IN SPANISH]:
Ay!
[SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY]
[MAN WHISTLES]
[IN SPANISH]
[LAUGHS]
[ALL LAUGH]
SAMUEL:
ANGELICA:
[SPANISH MUSIC PLAYING]
SAMUEL:
[CHUCKLES]
-ALL: Whoo!
-[ALL APPLAUD]
[PHONE VIBRATING]
[CHUCKLES]
[SIGHS]
[PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY
IN SPANISH]
-[CLEARS THROAT]
-[IN SPANISH]
[IN SPANISH]
COMMANDER DIAZ:
SAMUEL [IN SPANISH]:
CLAVO [IN SPANISH]:
COMMANDER DIAZ:
[FOOTSTEPS DEPARTING]
Walk with me.
CLAVO:
[PHONE BUTTONS CLACKING]
[♪♪]
[IN SPANISH]
[GUN CLUNKS]
[IN ENGLISH] You aren't
the typical transport team.
the typical prisoner.
[CHAIN CLINKING]
[GRUNTS. SIGHS]
[IN SPANISH]
[VAN ENGINE STARTS. RUMBLES]
[♪♪]
[BUTTONS CLACKING]
[SEAGULLS CRYING]
Copy.
[SIGHS]
Sir.
they're on the move.
Let the games begin.
My men's lives are at stake.
This is not a game.
Everything is a game.
You either play or get played.
Which. uh...
makes me wonder...
are you trying to play me.
commander?
-What?
-Are you behind
the fentanyl contamination
in the coke supply?
Simple question.
Seems to me
it's a great idea for you get us
to come down here and.
uh. clean up your problems.
We do the dirty work.
you keep your hands clean.
Fucking fantastic idea.
Absolutely not.
All of our intelligence
points to that gringa.
Tracy. and her crew.
I had to ask.
I understand.
Have you tried
these chilaquiles?
Fucking fantastic.
-Mm!
-Hm.
[♪♪]
[IN SPANISH]
[IN ENGLISH]
Don't even think about it.
You're not going
anywhere without me.
Been a while
since I've seen fresh air.
[IN SPANISH]
Enjoy it.
There's not much
in the dungeon you're going to.
[SCOFFS]
Why did you do it?
[SIGHS]
They got in the way.
Of what?
Someone from the cartel
murdered a police officer
up in Banning. California.
I came down
to bring him to justice.
You made yourself
a gringo hunter.
That's a lot of killing
for one arrest.
[VEHICLE REVVING SOFTLY]
The policeman was my brother.
[♪♪]
[EXHAUST OUTLET HISSES]
Oh. shit!
[GUNSHOTS CONTINUE]
They're flanking us!
Samuel!
[IN SPANISH]
[GRUNTING]
ANDRO:
[IN SPANISH]
ANGELICA:
ANDRO:
JAKE [IN SPANISH]:
[IN ENGLISH]
Cover!
[EXHALES]
[♪♪]
[IN SPANISH]
[BOTH SPEAKING SPANISH]
[MOTORCYCLE APPROACHING]
KIKO:
SOLDIER:
[IN SPANISH]
[♪♪]
Hey!
[RIFLE CLINKS SOFTLY]
Sir. we just got word
from the prison.
The convoy hasn't checked in.
-How late are they?
-About 15 minutes.
I'll send units
to check on them.
I don't know.
I'm sure they're fine.
Probably rolling slow.
Besides. ahem. you don't know
where to send the units.
We know their route.
-I changed it.
-What?
Operational security.
I didn't want anybody
to have
the opportunity
to sell the info.
-What if they're in trouble?
-It'd be fine.
Maybe they're on Highway 200.
Taking the back roads
through Boca de Tomatlán.
[SCOFFS]
COMMANDER DIAZ [IN SPANISH]:
Don't move.
We're on the same side.
No. we're not.
They killed
our whole team.
They did.
I didn't.
It was because of you.
JAKE:
Yeah. Because of me.
[COMMS BUZZES. STATIC]
[IN SPANISH]
[IN ENGLISH] There's a village
a few kilometers up river.
We're gonna hike there.
We'll find a phone
and call for backup.
Give her your hands.
I can help you fight.
You're my prisoner.
We're all in
the same boat.
We need to work together.
They're probably
covering the roads
and have a team tracking us.
Look. I was free. I could have
hit the bush and been gone.
[IN SPANISH]
JAKE: Whatever you're gonna
do. do it quick.
We don't got a lot of time.
[RIFLE MAGAZINE CLICKS]
ANDRO [IN ENGLISH]:
Fine.
But no guns. You take point.
You probably want this.
Any more surprises?
Go.
[VEHICLE ENGINE REVVING]
[VEHICLE ENGINE STOPS]
[IN SPANISH]
[DUCT TAPE SCREECHES]
[REMOTE BEEPS]
[ELECTRIC BOX CRACKLES]
KIKO:
[HORN HONKING]
[PEOPLE CHATTERING IN SPANISH]
[♪♪]
[IN SPANISH]
Small fishing village
like this.
probably only has
one cell tower.
Be quiet.
[IN SPANISH]
JAKE:
Best bet is to find a landline.
I said shut the fuck up!
Look. I'm sorry
about your--
[GRUNTS]
[SMIRKS. CHUCKLES]
[♪♪]
If we don't work together.
we're all fucking dead.
Andro.
[IN ENGLISH]
Let him talk.
All right.
So since you think
you have all the answers...
how do we do that?
Just give them
what they want.
You?
We're all just bait.
I'm the chum in the water.
If you want us to let you
escape. I don't think so.
The people that are hunting us
are after me. not you.
All you have to do
is hand me over.
That's not an option.
You are our responsibility.
You don't have to get
killed because of me.
-Enough people have died.
-Yeah.
We know who you are.
And who you were.
Then you know
I'd never hurt a cop.
[IN SPANISH]
[IN ENGLISH] At least until
we get out of this shit.
[IN ENGLISH]
If we get out.
The only way out is to find
their boss and end this.
Who is their boss?
How do we find him?
Her.
It's a woman.
She's Mexican American.
And how the hell did she know
you were being transferred?
Someone sold us out.
And if that's so.
she probably has every gun
in this state out for us.
Looks like fucking Benghazi
out there.
The syndicate has roadblocks on
Highway 200 in and out of Boca.
They're checking vehicles.
Well. that's good.
That means they haven't
snatched him up yet.
Any word on my men?
[IN SPANISH]
You won't see much in the jungle
from up in the air.
I got assets on the ground. too.
We'll locate our target
and get your men out.
How can you be so sure?
My men are the best.
but they were not ready
to get involved in the war.
They got involved in the war
when they took this job.
So did you.
I'm curious.
how did you change the route
if I didn't authorize it?
I made a call.
To who?
Hey. listen. commander.
You wanna say something.
you say it. all right?
Don't fuck around.
Are you insinuating that I
would somehow put the lives
of these brave men
in danger?
What I say
is that it is very irregular.
[SCOFFS]
I'll tell you
what's irregular.
Are you or are you not
the highest ranking member
of your agency
in this area of operation?
Well. then
how on God's holy earth
could a foreigner give orders
to your people
to change the route
of a prisoner transport?
You're either in control
of your troops or you're not.
Which is it?
I am.
Good.
I'm glad you understand.
Conversation is over.
SOLDIER [IN SPANISH]:
[♪♪]
NANDO [IN SPANISH]:
SOLDIER:
NANDO:
[VEHICLES APPROACHING]
Where the fuck is he?
NANDO:
We got him surrounded. Tracy.
[IN SPANISH]
Don't kill him.
I want to see him.
They knocked out
the cell towers
and cut the landlines
to the area.
NORCOM confirms the target.
Facial recognition is a match.
All right.
The drone tracked her
to this location.
ABRAHAM: Commander.
I need you to call your troops.
Tell them to stage
10 kilometers outside
the town of Boca de Tomatlán.
north and south on Highway 200.
They stay there
until we get there.
Activate the ground assets
in that sector.
You.
Check the high ground.
[♪♪]
I'm gonna look
for a crossing.
[GROANS]
FISHERMAN [IN SPANISH]:
[IN SPANISH]
-FISHERMAN:
-ANGELICA:
[GRUNTING]
MAN [IN SPANISH]:
[GROANS]
ANGELICA:
[IN ENGLISH]
Hey. cover us.
[ANGELICA GROANING]
[♪♪]
[GROANING CONTINUES]
-JAKE [IN ENGLISH]: How is she?
-It went through the leg.
ANDRO [IN SPANISH]:
[CRIES OUT.
GROANING IN PAIN]
There's probably more.
We need to move.
[GROANING]
[♪♪]
[GRUNTING]
This way. This way.
[ANGELICA GRUNTING]
[PANTING]
We're about
to hit town.
Shit.
We're losing daylight.
We got to take shelter
for the night.
[IN ENGLISH]
What about this cabin?
[PANTING]
I like it.
How you doing
on me. soldier?
I'm good. Keep going.
Oh. fuck.
[GRUNTING]
[SIGHS]
[TAKES DEEP BREATH]
What's this all about?
The ambush. the American spies
changing our route?
You know about that?
It's an open secret.
[SIGHS]
It's about Fentanyl.
Some Ambassador's son
got a batch of coke
loaded with the shit.
Apparently. the crew
that's trying to kill me
is spiking dope.
These people are
either stupid or greedy?
You can't make any money
if all the people
taking your product are dead.
Yeah. Who knows why
people do what they do?
[SCOFFS]
Maybe she just wants Americans
to feel the way she does...
...and feel the pain
of losing their children.
[CHUCKLES]
Sometimes criminals
just do stupid shit.
That's funny.
Americans think that
all Mexicans are criminals.
but you have more people in
prison than any other country.
-I didn't put them there.
-No. you put them in the ground.
All right.
You put that on me
if it makes you feel better.
I just followed orders
when. where I was told.
Your English. You spent
some time in the States?
Yeah. I grew up over there.
But I was born in Mexico.
After a while.
I figured the only way
to make my country better
was to come back.
[♪♪]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Thank you.
For not abandoning her.
Never leave a man behind.
You could have.
She's not your teammate.
You. your team.
You could have handed me over.
But you didn't.
No. we're cops.
We took an oath.
Your brother.
would he have turned someone
over to their certain death?
Not a chance.
He knew the oath. Same as we do.
You're a soldier. right?
Yeah. I was.
And you knew the oath once too.
[SCOFFS]
Yeah. I did.
Why didn't you become
a policeman
like your older brother?
He was younger.
He wanted to be
in the military. like me.
Soldier too?
No. I talked him out of it.
I thought
being a cop would be safer.
[LAUGHS]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[♪♪]
[IN SPANISH]
Shit.
ANDRO:
Contact.
Angelica!
-[GUN CLINKS SOFTLY]
-[GRUNTS]
I'll cover our six.
[♪♪]
[DOOR CREAKS]
NANDO [IN SPANISH]:
[IN SPANISH]
NANDO:
SAMUEL [IN SPANISH]:
You want me?
Let him go!
[IN ENGLISH]
Okay. What a savior.
[IN SPANISH]
[♪♪]
I'm giving up! Let him go!
[CLICKS MOUTH]
[GUNSHOT]
-ANDRO: Samuel!
-ANGELICA: No!
[GUNSHOTS]
[GUNFIRE]
[ANDRO SHOUTS]
[GROANS]
[♪♪]
[GRUNTING]
[GROANING]
[GUNSHOT]
[BODY THUDS]
[RIFLE FIRING]
[IN SPANISH]
[DOG BARKING]
FILERO [IN SPANISH]:
GATO [IN SPANISH]:
[♪♪]
[BULLET SHELLS CLINK]
[PANTING]
[♪♪]
[GRUNTING]
ANGELICA [IN SPANISH]:
[ANDRO PANTING]
[IN SPANISH]
[GRUNTING. PANTING]
[BODY THUDS]
[♪♪]
NANDO:
Cuervo!
[IN SPANISH]
[♪♪]
[GUNSHOT ECHOES]
[PANTING]
[IN ENGLISH]
"I want him alive!"
[IN SPANISH]
[♪♪]
[GRUNTING]
-[GUNSHOTS CONTINUE]
-[GRUNTS]
[GRUNTING]
[NECKBONES SNAP]
[IN ENGLISH]
Come out to play!
I'm not in a playful mood.
Really? Too bad. man.
Why don't you take your toys
and go home?
Listen.
it's almost dinner time.
Let's just get this over
before my food gets cold.
All right. step out.
Let's dance.
What?
This is not an American movie.
my friend.
What's wrong with you people?
You always think
the white guy is the good guy?
Well. I'm not an assassin
working for dope dealers.
So I got that going for me.
[IN SPANISH]
Didn't your mommy teach you
not to fuck with the devil?
[IN ENGLISH]
You know...
I always enjoy a good smoke
after a fuck.
Sometimes before too.
Do you want a cigarette
before I give it to you?
[PANTING]
What a bitch.
You smoke menthols?
[CHUCKLES]
You know. man.
In a different situation.
I think
we could have been friends.
[CHUCKLES] Yeah. I don't think
your boss would like that.
Nah. Maybe. but who cares?
And I think
she's ready to retire.
-JAKE: You thinking of moving up?
-No. no. no.
I'm not the executive type.
Besides. I love my job.
Yeah. I can see that.
Can't you see
that you've been played?
Come on man.
Think about it.
We find you at the same time
that somebody starts
spiking the coca with Fenta.
I think somebody
is playing us both.
Yeah. how so?
Come here and I'll tell you.
Why don't you come here?
I promise not to shoot.
I think...
I think you're out of bullets.
Fucking try me.
I think you're out of men.
[IN SPANISH]
[RIFLE CLINKS SOFTLY]
SOLDIER [IN SPANISH]:
[♪♪]
[ENGINE STARTS]
-[IN SPANISH]
-[PANTING. IN SPANISH]
JAKE:
Hey!
You good?
[IN ENGLISH]
Yeah. we're fan-fucking-tastic.
-How many rounds you got left?
-We're low.
[PANTING] All right.
we've got about two minutes
to scavenge body armor
and ammo.
We gotta move.
[GRUNTS]
[GROANS]
[PANTING]
[♪♪]
EZEKIEL [IN SPANISH]:
ANGELICA [IN SPANISH]:
[IN ENGLISH]
Hey! Hey!
Yeah. that's me.
[GRUNTS]
EZEKIEL [IN SPANISH]:
Contact?
[IN ENGLISH]
I'll cover.
EZEKIEL [IN SPANISH]:
[SATELLITE PHONE BEEPS]
ABRAHAM: How's the
vacation on the beach?
You set me up?
[LAUGHS]
Come on. Jake.
That's no way to say hello
to the best friend
you've got right now.
Of course I did.
What's the ask?
Straight to business.
You never disappoint. Jake.
The ferryman. the--
The geezer with the boat.
will help you
get your wounded out.
He'll tell you what's next.
He's also got
a bag of goodies for you.
Should help keep the noise
down for the neighbors.
I'm me. Jake.
I got eyes everywhere.
Oh. yeah. before you go.
I just wanted
to tell you something.
You're still my favorite.
Yeah. well. fuck you too.
[SATELLITE PHONE BEEPS]
[LAUGHS]
All right. boys. settle in.
And what we'll do now
is wait out till night.
You two dial for backup.
I got something I need to do.
You're not gonna get rid of me.
[IN SPANISH]
You'll drop me off
at the target?
[IN ENGLISH] Yes.
And get these two out of here?
EZEKIEL [IN SPANISH]:
[IN SPANISH]
[♪♪]
I need you to go back.
[IN ENGLISH]
I'm going in.
You don't understand.
This road we're on.
I've been down it.
I already threw
my life away.
You don't need to end up
in a cellblock next to me
or in the ground.
They killed
my best friend.
He asked me to be
his son's godfather.
Would you walk away?
[♪♪]
[METAL CLINKS]
[METAL RATTLING]
[LOCK CLICKS]
[♪♪]
[GUNSHOT]
-This is a graveyard.
-I fucking knew it.
ABRAHAM:
Come on in. boys. Come on.
That motherfucker
killed my Tommy!
ABRAHAM:
Will you shut this bitch up?
[PANTING]
ABRAHAM:
Listen.
What the fuck?
I told you how many times
to keep that shit on the street.
And you wouldn't do it.
Now. was that
because of greed
or was that just
a fuck you to me?
Fuck you!
[SIGHS] Oh. Lordy.
[GUNSHOT]
[♪♪]
ABRAHAM: Yeah.
[CHUCKLES] What took you guys so long?
Ahh. I can't believe you
let me beat you to the prize.
I said put your weapons down.
all right?
Diaz.
[IN SPANISH]
Come on. Jake.
Don't look so surprised.
Yeah. I'm a bit confused.
Why'd you kill her?
Uh... [CHUCKLES]
Because she wouldn't
shut the fuck up.
I mean. the venom
that was spewing from her mouth.
it was just foul. okay?
She kind of reminded me
of my mother.
Yeah. well. I'm sorry to
break up your family reunion.
but why'd you need us?
You were a great distraction
for our flanking maneuver.
So you used us?
Everyone uses everybody.
Calm down.
So what?
You inheriting
this dope racket?
Well. I gotta
make a few moves first.
but uh.
then I'll shut it down.
By what? Selling dope?
See. this bitch here
was trying to keep fentanyl
out of the dope stream.
I thought
that's what you wanted.
Fuck no.
It's the best thing
since sliced bread.
Soon as people
started popping off
from using
fentanyl-laced cocaine.
cocaine use dropped
in America by...
What was it?
-Sixty-two percent. sir.
-Sixty-two percent.
That's fucking outstanding.
Then these dirtbags.
they kill each other over
whatever market share is left.
What about legitimate addicts?
They die.
One way or another.
they stop buying dope.
And that's how we win the war.
What will your supervisors
think about that?
They'll say
I made America great again.
[LAUGHS]
Clavo.
Pato.
[IN SPANISH]
Andro. we need one good man
to survive this.
[♪♪]
We all good?
-What if we're not good?
-We're-- We're good.
I'd take his advice.
There's only one way this ends.
and that's my way.
Let's get the fuck out of here
before the flies set in.
I promise you.
we'll finish this.
[♪♪]
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
[GUN CLINKS SOFTLY]
-[IN SPANISH]
-KIKO [IN SPANISH]:
MAN:
[GUNSHOT]
[BODY THUDS]
[IN SPANISH]
[SCOFFS]
Okay.
[BELT BUCKLE CLINKING]
[QUIVERING]
[BELT WHACKS]
[MAN SINGING IN SPANISH]
You good?
I'm okay.
Oh. come on now. Jake.
You know me.
I'd never hurt a lady.
[SCOFFS]
You should ask Tracy that.
-I said "lady."
-[CHUCKLES]
Was that the intel?
[CHUCKLES] Oh. that's how
it's gonna be. huh?
[DRONE BEEPING]
[LAUGHS]
That's my boy.
Give me that.
Here's the locations
of our recently acquired labs.
All right.
I'll take care of these.
You know. it's been so damn good
catching up with you. Abe.
-Really?
-I missed you.
Appreciate that.
I miss you too. sweety.
We'll have to
do it again.
[CHUCKLES]
What's the line on Nando?
Colombia.
I'll take care
of transportation.
Nice work
taking out my overwatch.
Very impressive.
Got to stay a step ahead.
Next time. try four.
[DEVICE BEEPING]
[MEXICAN MUSIC PLAYING]
[MAN SINGING IN SPANISH]
[♪♪]
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
You want to say hello?
Let them know
you're all right?
[SIGHS]
Uh...
Better if I don't.
So you pick a new name?
I like Gustavo.
Gustavo?
[CHUCKLES] Yeah. yeah.
I can pull off a Gus.
-Gus. yes. Gustavo?
-[LAUGHS]
[IN SPANISH]
[IN ENGLISH] You know I
got your back out there.
Thought your brother might
want you to have one of these.
Saint Michael?
Just in case.
You know. all this corruption.
all this killing is...
you and I.
we're in a position now.
maybe we can change it.
But it's probably
gonna get messy.
I can do messy.
[ENGINE STARTS]
[MEXICAN MUSIC PLAYING]
[♪♪]
[BRAKES SQUEAL]
[AIR BRAKES HISS]
[MEXICAN MUSIC PLAYING]
[MAN SINGING IN SPANISH]
IN LOVING MEMORY OF
JUAN MIGUEL HERNANDEZ DOMINGUEZ
[♪♪]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org